Add USBDevice forget() method (#7401)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/usb/index.md

for the WebUSB API (not using an Arduino here). You'll find hardware, software,
and firmware.

### Revoke access to a USB device {: #revoke-access }

The website can clean up permissions to access a USB device it is no longer

> interested in retaining by calling `forget()` on the `USBDevice` instance. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs by calling `forget()` on the `USBDevice` instance. For
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/7401/commits/6a4d237e5a64004abcf5c6dc52e528a30101b5a0
